README.md, before:

# WebPy-GraphQL

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Igor-britecore/webpy-graphql.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Igor-britecore/webpy-graphql) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Igor-britecore/webpy-graphql/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/Igor-britecore/webpy-graphql?branch=master) [![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/WebPy-GraphQL.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/WebPy-GraphQL)

Adds GraphQL support to your WebPy application.

## Usage

Just use the `GraphQLView` view from `webpy_graphql`

```python
from webpy_graphql import GraphQLView

urls = ("/graphql", "GQLGateway")

app = web.application(urls, globals())

class GQLGateway(GraphQLView):
    class GraphQLMeta:
        schema=Schema
```

This will add `/graphql`  endpoints to your app (GET and POST methods implemented in the class GraphQLView).

### Supported options
 * `schema`: The `GraphQLSchema` object that you want the view to execute when it gets a valid request.
 * `context`: A value to pass as the `context` to the `graphql()` function.
 * `root_value`: The `root_value` you want to provide to `executor.execute`.
 * `pretty`: Whether or not you want the response to be pretty printed JSON.
 * `executor`: The `Executor` that you want to use to execute queries.
 * `graphiql`: If `True`, may present [GraphiQL](https://github.com/graphql/graphiql) when loaded directly from a browser (a useful tool for debugging and exploration).
 * `batch`: Set the GraphQL view as batch (for using in [Apollo-Client](http://dev.apollodata.com/core/network.html#query-batching) or [ReactRelayNetworkLayer](https://github.com/nodkz/react-relay-network-layer))
 * `graphiql_temp_title`: Set template title for GraphiQL

Commit message:

Changes to use this project in my Python 3 project.

README.md, after:

# WebPy-GraphQL

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Igor-britecore/webpy-graphql.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Igor-britecore/webpy-graphql) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Igor-britecore/webpy-graphql/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/Igor-britecore/webpy-graphql?branch=master) [![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/WebPy-GraphQL.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/WebPy-GraphQL)

Adds GraphQL support to your WebPy application.

This version is forked from the [original repository](https://github.com/ig-ksv/webpy-graphql) in order to make the changes to support Python 3 in my project. Python 3 support is not fully tested, I only made the changes which was required for my project.
## Usage

Just use the `GraphQLView` view from `webpy_graphql`

```python
from webpy_graphql import GraphQLView

urls = ("/graphql", "GQLGateway")

app = web.application(urls, globals())

class GQLGateway(GraphQLView):
    class GraphQLMeta:
        schema=Schema
```

This will add `/graphql`  endpoints to your app (GET and POST methods implemented in the class GraphQLView).

### Supported options
 * `schema`: The `GraphQLSchema` object that you want the view to execute when it gets a valid request.
 * `context`: A value to pass as the `context` to the `graphql()` function.
 * `root_value`: The `root_value` you want to provide to `executor.execute`.
 * `pretty`: Whether or not you want the response to be pretty printed JSON.
 * `executor`: The `Executor` that you want to use to execute queries.
 * `graphiql`: If `True`, may present [GraphiQL](https://github.com/graphql/graphiql) when loaded directly from a browser (a useful tool for debugging and exploration).
 * `batch`: Set the GraphQL view as batch (for using in [Apollo-Client](http://dev.apollodata.com/core/network.html#query-batching) or [ReactRelayNetworkLayer](https://github.com/nodkz/react-relay-network-layer))
 * `graphiql_temp_title`: Set template title for GraphiQL
